Mighty boosh quiz
only one question and answer set should appear on the screen.
the user must pick an answer and press the NEXT button.
at the end, it tells them who they are, based on their answers.

Question 1:
Today is the day of your Sealab interview. The interviewer ask for your favorite marine life fact. You say?
1.Hmm, favorite whatsit now?	(Murphy)
2.Dolphins go crazy over menstruation.	(Debby)
3.oh oh I like to swim, doesnt that make me marine life!	(Stormy)
4.An octopus is able to open jars and solve puzzles all for food, magnificent.	(Quin)
5.Ingesting the Fugu fish can be posionus. Unrelated would you like to try this "herbal Supplement" I made.	(Sparks)
6.Sharks never stop moving. Kind of like me HAHA!	(Marco)
7.*you loudly state in third person that you dont know any so you bust a fish rap instead.	(hesh)

Question 2:
Some how you manage to get hired, and today is your first day living on the sea floor.  What do you feel like doing most now that you're all settled?
1.I could go for a round of golf.	(Murphy)
2.Hit on the scientist.	(Debby)
3.Dodgeball! 	(Stormy)
4.What I got hired to do, research!	(Quin)
5.Start my own secret agenda.	(Sparks)
6.Introduce yourself to the Captain	(Marco)
7.Find a bar	(Hesh)

Question 3:
You're in your bed sleeping after working a 32 hour shift at the dolphin enclosure. When suddenly, the alarm starts going off, and orders all SeaLab officials to get into battlestations. Turns out the captain is freaking out about a lost Happy Cake Oven toy. And now wants you to go look for it, inside a cave rumored to be hiding a giant squid.
1.Loudly claim that its not just a toy.	(Murphy)
2.Complain about the alarm 	(Debby)
3.But its a suicide mission. 	(Stormy)
4.Attempt to Reason with the Captain.	(Quin)
5.Yeah I turned that into a bomb and ditched it outside..	(Sparks)
6.Remind the captain of the last time the crew mutinied.	(Marco)
7. Sneak back to bed.	(Hesh)

Question 4:
All the lights on Sealab have went out, its pitch black and no one can see.  
1.This is fine, I don't trust those things anyway.	(Murphy)
2.Check underwear drawer for your spare flashlight.	(Debby)
3.Pull out a lighter to get a good look around.	(Stormy)
4.Feel your way to the generaotor room, to fix it.	(Quin)
5.Perfect, this gives you a chance to move those things you dont want anyone to see.	(Sparks)
6.Silently steal some stuff from the rest of the crew.	(Marco)
7.Attempt to keep working in the dark.	(Hesh)

Question 5:
Congratz on surviving your first year of Marine Biology! The captain has you out rewiring a near by cable to give him access to Pay per View free. Unfortunatly, something goes wrong and you are sent back intime 10 minutes via a giant explosion. Upon getting back to Sealab the captain accuses you of being a doppleganger and throws you in the brig. If you don't do something you will be die in around 10 minutes. 
1.Find a way to get revenge on the "doppleganger" captain.	(Murphy)
2.Attempt to seduce the officals on guard	(Debby)
3.Dodgeball! 	(Stormy)
4.Find away to contact past you.	(Quin)
5.Enact that secret plan you've been hidding from the rest of the crew.	(Sparks)
6.Break out, and try to escape the blast.	(Marco)
7.Party!	(Hesh)

Question 6:
Wow, crazy year, You've nearly died atleast 6 different times, in the last month alone. Thankfully the Sealab scientist have created a way to move the human brain into a robot body. What are you're prefrences.
1.A beautiful busty robot, with chainsaws for hands.	(Murphy)
2.Camo, who needs xray vision anyway.	(Debby)
3.Oh oh do me next, do me next. *begin cutting at head* 	(Stormy)
4.I am already a human brain in a robot body...	(Quin)
5.Make me the leader of my own voltron.	(Sparks)
6.I want to robot willies. and xray vision.	(Marco)
7.A robot Tiger	(Hesh)

Question 7:
It's been 2 years since you became a marine Biologist at Sealab, and the robot wars are in full swing. Where are you during these robot wars!?
1.Fighting in the Robot wars.	(Murphy)
2.You're now married to a "well-endowed" scientist, stuck in a coma. 	(Debby)
3.Nobody knows... not even you...	(Stormy)
4.Still working in Sealab, without you this place would've implouded by now.	(Quin)
5.Incharge of your own secret lair, complete with henchmen, and doomsday Weapons.	(Sparks)
6.Went into hiding.	(Marco)
7.Probably died in the first wave...	(Hesh)



1.(Murphy)
	Congratz you got Captain Murphy, This means your probably quite childish, yet very strong willed and stubborn. Easily disctracted, but always quick to act.
2.(Debby)
	Woo, you got Debby, The over sexualized femme fatale of Sealab. which probably means you're Ambitious, controlling, and obsess over not being single.
3.(Stormy)
	
4.(Quin)

5.(Sparks)

6.(Marco)

7.(Hesh)





